Update README and FAQ for #1818, #1814, and #1888 (#1866)
GoogleContainerTools/jib: jib-gradle-plugin/README.md

`entrypoint` | `List<String>` | *None* | The command to start the container with (similar to Docker's [ENTRYPOINT](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#entrypoint) instruction). If set, then `jvmFlags` and `mainClass` are ignored. You may also set `jib.container.entrypoint = 'INHERIT'` to indicate that the `entrypoint` and `args` should be inherited from the base image.\*
`environment` | `Map<String, String>` | *None* | Key-value pairs for setting environment variables on the container (similar to Docker's [ENV](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#env) instruction).
`extraClasspath` | `List<String>` | *None* | Additional paths in the container to prepend to the computed Java classpath.

> `filesModificationTime` | `String` | `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` | Sets the modification time (last modified time) of files in the image put by Jib. (Note that this does not set the image creation time, which can be set using `<useCurrentTimestamp>`.) The value should either be `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` to set the timestamps to Epoch + 1 second (default behavior), or an ISO 8601 date-time parsable with [`DateTimeFormatter.ISO_DATE_TIME`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html) such as `2019-07-15T10:15:30+09:00` or `2011-12-03T22:42:05Z`.

Reviewer: Should we link directly to `ISO_DATE_TIME`?

```suggestion
`filesModificationTime` | `String` | `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` | Sets the modification time (last modified time) of files in the image put by Jib. (Note that this does not set the image creation time, which can be set using `<useCurrentTimestamp>`.) The value should either be `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` to set the timestamps to Epoch + 1 second (default behavior), or an ISO 8601 date-time parsable with [`DateTimeFormatter.ISO_DATE_TIME`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_DATE_TIME) such as `2019-07-15T10:15:30+09:00` or `2011-12-03T22:42:05Z`.
```

> `filesModificationTime` | `String` | `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` | Sets the modification time (last modified time) of files in the image put by Jib. (Note that this does not set the image creation time, which can be set using `<useCurrentTimestamp>`.) The value should either be `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` to set the timestamps to Epoch + 1 second (default behavior), or an ISO 8601 date-time parsable with [`DateTimeFormatter.ISO_DATE_TIME`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_DATE_TIME) such as `2019-07-15T10:15:30+09:00` or `2011-12-03T22:42:05Z`.

Reviewer 2: `jib.useCurrentTimestamp`, not `<useCurrentTimestamp>`.

Author: `jib.container.useCurrentTimestamp` actually. Done.

> `filesModificationTime` | `String` | `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` | Sets the timestamps (last modified time) of files in the image put by Jib. (Note that this does not set the image creation time, which can be set using `<useCurrentTimestamp>`.) The value should be in ISO 8601 date time format parsable with [`DateTimeFormatter.ISO_DATE_TIME`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html). Examples are `2019-07-15T10:15:30+09:00`, `2011-12-03T22:42:05Z`, etc. You can also use the keyword `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` for the default behavior to set the timestamps to Epoch + 1 second.

Reviewer: This read a bit weird:
> _The value should be in ISO 8601 [… lotsa text…]. You can also use the keyword …_

I kept thinking  "_but you use `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` as the default!_" as I read through the _lotsa text_.

```suggestion
`filesModificationTime` | `String` | `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` | Sets the timestamps (last modified time) of files in the image put by Jib. (Note that this does not set the image creation time, which can be set using `<useCurrentTimestamp>`.) The value should either be `EPOCH_PLUS_SECOND` to set the timestamps to Epoch + 1 second (default behavior), or an ISO 8601 date time parsable with [`DateTimeFormatter.ISO_DATE_TIME`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html) such as `2019-07-15T10:15:30+09:00` or `2011-12-03T22:42:05Z`.
```

Author: That's a lot clearer. Thanks for the convenient suggestions.

`format` | `String` | `Docker` | Use `OCI` to build an [OCI container image](https://www.opencontainers.org/).
`jvmFlags` | `List<String>` | *None* | Additional flags to pass into the JVM when running your application.
`labels` | `Map<String, String>` | *None* | Key-value pairs for applying image metadata (similar to Docker's [LABEL](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#label) instruction).
`mainClass` | `String` | *Inferred*\*\* | The main class to launch your application from.
`ports` | `List<String>` | *None* | Ports that the container exposes at runtime (similar to Docker's [EXPOSE](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#expose) instruction).

> `useCurrentTimestamp` | `boolean` | `false` | By default, Jib wipes all timestamps to guarantee reproducibility. If this parameter is set to `true`, Jib will set the image's creation timestamp to the time of the build, which sacrifices reproducibility for easily being able to tell when your image was created. (Note that this property does not affect the file modification times, which can be configured using `filesModificationTime`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useCurrentTimestamp` | `boolean` | `false` | By default, Jib wipes all timestamps to guarantee reproducibility. If this parameter is set to `true`, Jib will set the image's creation timestamp to the time of the build, which sacrifices reproducibility for easily being able to tell when your image was created. (Note that this property does not affect the file modification times, which is configured using `filesModificationTime`.)
```

> `useCurrentTimestamp` | `boolean` | `false` | By default, Jib wipes all timestamps to guarantee reproducibility. If this parameter is set to `true`, Jib will set the image's creation timestamp to the time of the build, which sacrifices reproducibility for easily being able to tell when your image was created. (Note that this does not affect the file timestamps, which can be configured using `filesModificationTime`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useCurrentTimestamp` | `boolean` | `false` | By default, Jib wipes all timestamps to guarantee reproducibility. If this parameter is set to `true`, Jib will set the image's creation timestamp to the time of the build, which sacrifices reproducibility for easily being able to tell when your image was created. (Note that this property does not affect the file timestamps, which can be configured using `filesModificationTime`.)
```

`jib.baseImageCache` | `File` | `[user cache home]/google-cloud-tools-java/jib` | Sets the directory to use for caching base image layers. This cache can (and should) be shared between multiple images.
`jib.applicationCache` | `File` | `[project dir]/target/jib-cache` | Sets the directory to use for caching application layers. This cache can be shared between multiple images.
`jib.console` | `String` | *None* | If set to `plain`, Jib will print plaintext log messages rather than display a progress bar during the build.

> `jib.alwaysCacheBaseImage` | `boolean` | `false` | When building to a registry, by default Jib will skip downloading and caching base image layers that already exist in the target registry. Setting to false causes Jib to always cache layers locally.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, do you think we actually need to document this? According to your design description it's a rare case that this will ever be needed, maybe we should avoid cluttering up the docs and only document it through the error message.

Author: Makes sense. Initially I thought this is some sort of breaking change, but now I think this is more of an internal detail that doesn't really surface to users.

> `jib.cacheBaseImage` | `String` | `as-needed` | Controls downloading and caching base image layers. For building and pushing to a registry, Jib by default (`as-needed`) skips downloading base image layers if the layers already exist in the target registry. `always` makes Jib force downloading layers for caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jib.cacheBaseImage` | `String` | `as-needed` | Controls how Jib downloads and caches base image layers. When building to a registry with `as-needed`, Jib will skip base image layers that already exist in the target registry. `always` causes Jib to always cache layers locally.
```
